Update guidance on running multiple test suites (#9934)
circleci/circleci-docs: docs/guides/modules/test/pages/set-up-test-impact-analysis.adoc

* Scheduled pipelines.

See the <<run-analysis-on-non-default-branch,Run analysis on a non-default and selection on all other branches>> example for an example of customizing branch behavior.

=== Can I run multiple test suites in the same job?

No, this is not recommended and may produce unreliable results.

> When running multiple `testsuite` commands as sequential steps in a single parallelized job, parallel nodes executing at different speeds can cause tests from one test suite (e.g., "integration-tests") to run with another test suite's configuration (e.g., "unit-tests"). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running multiple `testsuite` commands as sequential steps in a single parallelized job, parallel nodes executing at different speeds can cause tests from one test suite (for example, "integration-tests") to run with another test suite's configuration (for example, "unit-tests"). 
```

While this issue only occurs when parallelism is enabled, we recommend always using separate jobs for each test suite as a best practice.

*Problematic configuration:*

[source,yaml]
----
jobs:
  test-all:
    parallelism: 2
    steps:
      - run: circleci run testsuite "unit-tests"
      - run: circleci run testsuite "integration-tests"
----

*Recommended approach - use separate jobs:*

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Recommended approach - use separate jobs
```
